c:\users\yeulucay\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FileManager\FileManager\bin\FileManager.dll.config
c:\users\yeulucay\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FileManager\FileManager\bin\FileManager.dll
c:\users\yeulucay\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FileManager\FileManager\bin\FileManager.pdb
c:\users\yeulucay\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FileManager\FileManager\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\yeulucay\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FileManager\FileManager\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\yeulucay\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FileManager\FileManager\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\yeulucay\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FileManager\FileManager\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\yeulucay\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FileManager\FileManager\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\yeulucay\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FileManager\FileManager\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\yeulucay\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FileManager\FileManager\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\yeulucay\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FileManager\FileManager\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\yeulucay\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FileManager\FileManager\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\yeulucay\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FileManager\FileManager\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
c:\users\yeulucay\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FileManager\FileManager\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\yeulucay\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FileManager\FileManager\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\yeulucay\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FileManager\FileManager\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\yeulucay\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FileManager\FileManager\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\yeulucay\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FileManager\FileManager\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\yeulucay\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FileManager\FileManager\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\yeulucay\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FileManager\FileManager\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\yeulucay\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FileManager\FileManager\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\yeulucay\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FileManager\FileManager\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\yeulucay\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FileManager\FileManager\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\yeulucay\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FileManager\FileManager\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\yeulucay\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FileManager\FileManager\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\yeulucay\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FileManager\FileManager\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
c:\users\yeulucay\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FileManager\FileManager\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\yeulucay\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FileManager\FileManager\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\yeulucay\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FileManager\FileManager\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\yeulucay\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FileManager\FileManager\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\yeulucay\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FileManager\FileManager\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\yeulucay\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FileManager\FileManager\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\yeulucay\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FileManager\FileManager\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\yeulucay\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FileManager\FileManager\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\yeulucay\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FileManager\FileManager\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\yeulucay\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FileManager\FileManager\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\yeulucay\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FileManager\FileManager\obj\Debug\FileManager.API.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\yeulucay\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FileManager\FileManager\obj\Debug\FileManager.dll
c:\users\yeulucay\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FileManager\FileManager\obj\Debug\FileManager.pdb
c:\users\yeulucay\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FileManager\FileManager\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\yeulucay\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FileManager\FileManager\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\yeulucay\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FileManager\FileManager\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\yeulucay\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FileManager\FileManager\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\yeulucay\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FileManager\FileManager\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\yeulucay\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FileManager\FileManager\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\yeulucay\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FileManager\FileManager\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\yeulucay\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FileManager\FileManager\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\yeulucay\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FileManager\FileManager\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\yeulucay\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FileManager\FileManager\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\yeulucay\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FileManager\FileManager\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\yeulucay\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FileManager\FileManager\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\y.e\Desktop\FileManager\FileManager\bin\FileManager.dll.config
C:\Users\y.e\Desktop\FileManager\FileManager\bin\FileManager.dll
C:\Users\y.e\Desktop\FileManager\FileManager\bin\FileManager.pdb
C:\Users\y.e\Desktop\FileManager\FileManager\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\y.e\Desktop\FileManager\FileManager\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\y.e\Desktop\FileManager\FileManager\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\y.e\Desktop\FileManager\FileManager\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\y.e\Desktop\FileManager\FileManager\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\y.e\Desktop\FileManager\FileManager\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\y.e\Desktop\FileManager\FileManager\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\y.e\Desktop\FileManager\FileManager\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\y.e\Desktop\FileManager\FileManager\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\y.e\Desktop\FileManager\FileManager\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\y.e\Desktop\FileManager\FileManager\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\y.e\Desktop\FileManager\FileManager\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\y.e\Desktop\FileManager\FileManager\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\y.e\Desktop\FileManager\FileManager\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\y.e\Desktop\FileManager\FileManager\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\y.e\Desktop\FileManager\FileManager\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
C:\Users\y.e\Desktop\FileManager\FileManager\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\y.e\Desktop\FileManager\FileManager\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\y.e\Desktop\FileManager\FileManager\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\y.e\Desktop\FileManager\FileManager\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\y.e\Desktop\FileManager\FileManager\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\y.e\Desktop\FileManager\FileManager\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\y.e\Desktop\FileManager\FileManager\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\y.e\Desktop\FileManager\FileManager\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\y.e\Desktop\FileManager\FileManager\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\y.e\Desktop\FileManager\FileManager\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\y.e\Desktop\FileManager\FileManager\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\y.e\Desktop\FileManager\FileManager\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\y.e\Desktop\FileManager\FileManager\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\y.e\Desktop\FileManager\FileManager\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\y.e\Desktop\FileManager\FileManager\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\y.e\Desktop\FileManager\FileManager\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\y.e\Desktop\FileManager\FileManager\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\y.e\Desktop\FileManager\FileManager\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\y.e\Desktop\FileManager\FileManager\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
C:\Users\y.e\Desktop\FileManager\FileManager\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\y.e\Desktop\FileManager\FileManager\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\y.e\Desktop\FileManager\FileManager\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\y.e\Desktop\FileManager\FileManager\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\y.e\Desktop\FileManager\FileManager\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\y.e\Desktop\FileManager\FileManager\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\y.e\Desktop\FileManager\FileManager\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\y.e\Desktop\FileManager\FileManager\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\y.e\Desktop\FileManager\FileManager\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\y.e\Desktop\FileManager\FileManager\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\y.e\Desktop\FileManager\FileManager\obj\Debug\FileManager.API.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\y.e\Desktop\FileManager\FileManager\obj\Debug\FileManager.dll
C:\Users\y.e\Desktop\FileManager\FileManager\obj\Debug\FileManager.pdb
C:\Users\y.e\Desktop\FileManager\FileManager\bin\CQRS.dll
C:\Users\y.e\Desktop\FileManager\FileManager\bin\StructureMap.dll
C:\Users\y.e\Desktop\FileManager\FileManager\bin\CQRS.pdb
C:\Users\yeulucay\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FileManager\FileManager\bin\Authorization.dll
C:\Users\yeulucay\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FileManager\FileManager\bin\CQRS.dll
C:\Users\yeulucay\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FileManager\FileManager\bin\DomainModel.dll
C:\Users\yeulucay\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FileManager\FileManager\bin\DAL.dll
C:\Users\yeulucay\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FileManager\FileManager\bin\StructureMap.dll
C:\Users\yeulucay\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FileManager\FileManager\bin\Authorization.pdb
C:\Users\yeulucay\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FileManager\FileManager\bin\CQRS.pdb
C:\Users\yeulucay\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FileManager\FileManager\bin\DomainModel.pdb
C:\Users\yeulucay\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FileManager\FileManager\bin\DAL.pdb
C:\Users\yeulucay\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FileManager\FileManager\bin\AppDatabase.mdf
C:\Users\yeulucay\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FileManager\FileManager\bin\AppDatabase_log.ldf
